Release notes for 2.16.8 (#12484)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.16.8

### Fixes
- Disable CSRF protection by default - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12479

> - Fix issue that caused UI to not be built when creating docker images - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12481

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix issue causing UI not to be built when creating docker images - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12481
```
